This is the shortcuts (hotstrings) included by default for typing canned text into protein electrophoresis reporting windows.
It can be edited as needed by right-clicking AutoHotKey.ahk and clicking "Edit".
Then navigate down the file until you get to the SPE Canned Text portion and add or edit the canned text as needed.
You can also add new Hotkeys or "Hotstrings" as they are called.

# SPE Hotstring canned text 

::INFLAM::The alpha-1, -2 and beta-2 (complement) regions are elevated and there is a polyclonal hypergammaglobulinaemia at  g/L (8 - 14 g/L). `nNo monoclonal peaks are visible. This pattern suggests an inflammatory process.  `nIf the clinical suspicion of myeloma remains, urine Bence Jones protein electrophoresis (at least 20ml urine in a container with sodium azide preservative obtainable from the lab) or serum free light chain analysis are recommended.
::INFLAMS::The alpha-1, -2 and beta-2 (complement) region is elevated and the gamma region measures _ g/L (8 - 14 g/L). `nNo monoclonal peaks are visible. This pattern suggests an inflammatory process.  `nIf the clinical suspicion of myeloma remains, urine Bence Jones protein electrophoresis (at least 20ml urine in a container with sodium azide preservative obtainable from the lab) or serum free light chain analysis are recommended.
::PREV::The previously typed monoclonal Ig_ persists in _ gamma at _ g/L.  Immunoparesis is _.
::PROM::A prominent peak is present in the mid-gamma region measuring g/L. The remainder of the gamma region measures g/L (8-14 g/L).  Immunotyping will be performed. Please see results below.
::SURINE::Please send urine (at least 20ml urine in a container with sodium azide preservative obtainable from the lab) for Bence Jones protein electrophoresis.
::BGB::Beta-gamma bridging is present. This is consistent with a chronic inflammatory process associated with an IgA response.  Causes may include cirrhosis, and cutaneous or mucosal inflammation.
::SUSP::If the clinical suspicion of myeloma remains, urine Bence Jones protein electrophoresis (at least 20ml urine in a container with sodium azide preservative obtainable from the lab) or serum free light chain analysis are recommended.
::REPEATSPE::Repeat SPE is recommended in 3-6 months or when the inflammatory condition has subsided.
::NORMP::Normal protein electrophoresis pattern.  No monoclonal peaks are present. The gamma region measures _ g/L (8-14 g/L). `nIf the clinical suspicion of myeloma remains, urine Bence Jones protein electrophoresis (at least 20ml urine in a container with sodium azide preservative obtainable from the lab) or serum free light chain analysis are recommended.
::NEPHR::Hypoalbuminaemia is present.  The alpha-2 (macroglobulin) region is significantly increased at _ g/L (5-9 g/L).  The gamma region measures _ g/L (8-14 g/L). No monoclonal peaks are visible. `nThis pattern suggests nephrotic syndrome. If the clinical suspicion of myeloma remains, urine Bence Jones protein electrophoresis (at least 20ml urine in a container with sodium azide preservative obtainable from the lab) or serum free light chain analysis are recommended. 
::A-1::The alpha-1 peak is biphasic, suggesting alpha-1-antitrypsin heterozygosity.
